SUBTITLES BY
LUIS-SUBS
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
11:55... almost midnight.
Enough time for one more story,
one more story before twelve.
Just to keep us warm.
In five minutes,
it will be the 21st of April.
One hundred years ago,
on the 21st of April,
out on the waters
around Spivey Point,
a small clipper ship
drew toward land.
Suddenly, out of the night,
the fog rolled in.
For a moment,
they could see nothing,
not a foot ahead of them.
Then they saw a light.
By God, it was a fire
burning on the shore,
strong enough to penetrate
the swirling mist.
They steered a course
toward the light,
but it was a campfire
like this one.
The ship crashed
against the rocks.
The hull sheared in two.
The mast snapped like a twig,
and the wreckage sank
with all the men aboard.
At the bottom of the sea
lay the Elizabeth Dane
with her crew,
their lungs filled
with salt water,
their eyes open and staring
into the darkness.
And above,
as suddenly as it had come,
the fog lifted, receded
back across the ocean,
and never came again.
But it is told by the fishermen
and their fathers
and grandfathers
that when the fog
returns to Antonio Bay,
the men at the bottom of the sea,
out in the water by Spivey Point,
will rise up and search
for the campfire
that led them to their
dark and icy death.
Twelve o' clock,
the 21st of April.
It's twelve midnight,
and we just started
the little witching hour.
This is Stevie Wayne,
on top of the world tonight.
And I'll be here right
up until about 1:00.
I'm all through, father.
Oh, thank you, Bennett.
Uh... I won't need you until
4:00 tomorrow, Bennett.
Yes, sir.
Would you like something to
keep you warm on the way home?
No, thank you.
Father, can I get paid?
Why don't you come in at,
uh, 6:00
instead of 4:00 tomorrow?
Yes, sir.
Uh, Bennett?
Eh, Bennett?
Bennett?
Hello?
Uh...
It's 59 degrees outside.
And let me be the first to wish
Antonio Bay a Happy Birthday.
We're one hundred years old today.
The weatherman's been
trying to spoil it for us.
He says we may be in
for some rain tonight.
But from where I'm sitting,
it looks like clear skies.
I think the weatherman's
been working too hard.
Well, I'll stay here
for another hour...
just to see if he's right.
And I'm inviting you
to stay here with me.
Uh, there's a cutter run
aground over here on
the east bay, over.
Global 1x5.
It's the Lady Belle Pacific,
serial number 024KL596.
Over.
Global 1x5, the Lady Belle
Pacific is sea worthy,
no major damage.
Why don't you send
a tow on over here,
about a quarter mile
above the boatel. Over.
This is K-A-B,
Antonio Bay, California.
Six minutes after midnight.
Haven't heard from
the weatherman yet,
so I can't say for sure
about that rain,
but there's a full moon
and no clouds in the sky.
I'm Stevie Wayne.
And if you don't have
anything to do right now,
I'll be here playing music all
through the witching hour.
Even if you do have
something to do,
keep me turned on for a while,
and I'll try my best
to do the same for you.
OK!
- Hi.
- How far you going?
- Other side of town.
That's close enough.
- Make it?
- Yeah. Thank you.
- Sip?
- Thanks.
Listen,
I never hitchhiked before.
I just really want to be careful.
Can I ask you something?
- Sure.
- Are you weird?
Yes, I am.
Yes, I am weird.
- You are weird. You're weird.
- Yes.
Thank God you're weird.
The last one I had was so normal,
it was disgusting.
He picked me up in Santa Barbara.
By the time we got to Carmel
he wanted to marry me.
Oh, yeah. I thought you
never hitchhiked before.
Not before last week.
You're my...
thirteenth ride.
Oh, great. Weird and unlucky.
Heh.
We'll see.
Look out!
Ohh!
- Are you all right?
- I'm fine.
- You're sure?
- I'm fine. I think so.
What the hell was...
It's exactly twelve
minutes after midnight,
and this is Stevie Wayne...
Let's get out of here.
I'm high tonight in the K-A-B
lighthouse on Spivey Point.
And in case you've forgotten,
it's April 21st.
And a Happy Birthday
for Antonio Bay.
Now, there's a celebration
planned for tonight.
So if you're so excited
about it you can't sleep,
well, stay up with me,
and I'll figure out some
way to keep you occupied.
Or not.
K-A-B.
Hi, sweetheart.
Hi, Dan.
What have you got?
Well, I'm just calling
to see if you're lonely,
if there's anything
I can do about it.
Never lonely, Dan.
I thought you were
off work at 8:00.
I changed shifts so I can make
it to the big party tonight.
Will you be there?
Well... until I can
talk someone else
into giving up city life
for Antonio Bay, I'm it.
And "it" means day and night.
Too much work.
Well, that's what I get
for owning a station.
And if you don't tell me why you
called in about 15 seconds,
I'm gonna have to hang up on you.
You want something to talk about?
Anything.
I've got a position on
a trawler about, ooh...
15 Miles out,
called The Sea Grass.
And I've got something
on my scope...
appears to be a fog bank.
Oh, it's about 25 Miles out,
moving in their direction.
Thanks, Dan.
That's worth about 10 seconds.
I'm on the air. Bye.
Ahoy, maties.
This is K-A-B, Antonio Bay.
Stevie Wayne here beaming
a signal across the sea.
To the men of The Sea Grass,
15 Miles out tonight,
a warm hello,
and keep a watch out
for that fog bank
heading in from the east.
In the meantime, relax with
me while I play this song
from the Coupe de Villes...
dedicated just to you.
Boy, would I like to meet her.
Heh. I saw her at a
grocery store one day.
And?
- You would like to meet her.
- She's crazy.
There's no fog bank out there.
What do you know about her?
She owns that lighthouse.
I know that.
Her son plays little league
with my kid brother.
She's a mother?
Ha ha. I thought you
were happily married.
- Huh. Not that happy.
- There's no fog bank out there.
Hey.
There's a fog bank out there.
All right.
I'm drunk enough.
Let's go back.
All right, all right.
Al, come here.
- Just give him a hand.
- Come here.
What was that?
Come here.
It's the generator.
Wha... wha... wha...
Al.
It's gone.
Hey, there was just
a ship out there.
Al, listen.
Nothing.
- Listen.
- Who's there?
Who is that?
Unh!
Al!
Aah!
Arrrrgh!
Aaah!
Al, it's right beside us.
It's big, Al.
It's a ship.
It's a big ship!
What happened?
Did you get wet?
It's 12:43...
and I've got four in a row for
you right here on K-A-B.
Nothing but water, Stevie.
But it sure beats Chicago.
K-A-B.
I like what you said
but for your information,
you lied.
The fog bank has moved due west
and probably missed
the ship entirely.
Well, my gauges must be wrong.
I've got a wind
blowing due east.
Now, what kind of a fog
blows against the wind?
You got me.
I'm not so sure I want you.
You're just a voice on the phone.
And you're just a voice on the
radio. We'd make a perfect couple.
You let me take you to dinner
tonight, I'll prove it to you.
Sorry, Dan.
My idea of perfection
is a voice on the phone.
OK, mystery lady.
Good night.
Not bad.
I started a week ago
in San Diego,
right up the coast,
5 drawings a day.
It'll probably take me a
month to get to Vancouver,
and if I can sell 'em for 5
bucks apiece, I'll be rich.
Yeah.
- Can I ask you something?
- Sure.
- What's your name?
- Elizabeth.
- Nick.
- Hello, Nick.
Hi.
Is that where you're from,
San Diego?
Wait a minute. You said,
"can I ask you something?"
Well, something to me means one
thing. San Diego is two things.
OK.
Pasadena, and a lot of money.
Never a chance to do
anything I wanna do.
Aww.
What do you want to do?
I don't know.
That's OK.
Me neither.
I think I got to have this one.
Can I buy it?
Uh-uh.
The drawing's free.
It's 1:00, straight up,
the end of the witching hour
and time for me to sign off.
So until tomorrow night,
at six P.M.,
when K-A-B comes back on the air,
this is Stevie Wayne,
your night light,
hoping you have a
nice rest of the night.
Hey, mom!
Mom!
Mom, come on. Get up.
Look what I found.
Andy...
I love you,
but sometimes you're a real pain.
Sure, mom, but look it.
First, it was a gold coin,
and then it turned into
this neat piece of wood.
- This is one of those times.
- Uh-huh, but look at it, mom.
Good morning, Andrew. Did you
have a nice time last night?
Yeah. Old Mr. Machen
told us ghost stories.
Did you thank Mrs. Kobritz
for bringing you home?
Yes, ma'am. Mom, can I have a
stomach pounder and a coke?
- After lunch.
- OK.
I'm gonna go
look for another one.
Maybe this time I can
get the gold coin.
Where the hell is he?
Rolled out of here
at 4:15 yesterday.
- That's the last I saw of him.
- Al said 7:30, right here.
Well, you know Al.
If I were you, I'd give myself...
Did you call the
coast guard, Hank?
Nick, they probably
got drunk last night.
- They're still out there...
- No, he wouldn't do that.
He'd do anything.
Al and I got drunk so many times
together, I can't count 'em all,
but we never got so shitfaced
we couldn't make it back in.
He's too good a sailor to stay out there
all night and not let somebody know.
- You sound like his wife.
- Just his friend.
- You worry too much, Nick.
- Yeah.
- Where are we going?
- I'm going to talk Ashcroft
into taking out his boat and
looking for the Sea Grass.
- Who's Ashcroft?
- Someone who owes me a favor.
Can I come along?
I thought you had to
move on to Vancouver?
- Eventually.
- Yeah.
The sheriff will
drive his own car.
The mayor and his wife
are to be picked up at 6:45 and
brought to the mayor's box.
Then we'll have speeches by
the mayor, the sheriff, and me.
- Oh, do you have my notes?
- Yes, ma'am.
Then we will pass out the candles
and begin the procession.
Then I will go home
and pass out.
I'm almost afraid to look.
Well...
Testing, testing.
- Not bad. Not bad at all.
- A work of art.
Sandy, just be civil to
me for another five hours.
That's all I ask.
Let's see now. Oh, the candles.
Did you order the candles?
What a thought, a candlelight
- procession with no candles.
- All taken care of.
And the promotional material...
- Did you get that over to Stevie?
- Signed, sealed, and delivered.
Sandy, you can be a very
annoying person at times,
- but you do keep me together.
- Thank you, Mrs. Williams.
Spivey Point.
As of 1:57 today,
The Sea Grass had not responded
to radio communication.
The coast guard has begun a
sweep South from Watley,
around Arcom Reef, and should
be in the area of Spivey Point
in approximately one hour.
Repeating this bulletin
from the coast guard,
be on the look out for the
Sea Grass, a 30-foot trawler,
last seen approximately 15
Miles east of Spivey Point.
If you sight this vessel, please
notify the coast guard immediately.
- Nick, can I ask you a question?
- Yeah.
- Is it always like this?
- It's always different.
- You're worried, aren't you?
- Yeah.
She can get real mean.
There.
Oh, yeah.
Well, if I can just get through
the speeches without yawning.
- I couldn't sleep last night.
- Too excited?
No. Al went out on his boat last
night and didn't come home.
- He still isn't back.
- Mrs. Williams!
I called the coast guard,
and they said,
"oh, he might have
had engine trouble."
They said not to worry.
He was complaining
about his boat last week.
Maybe you ought to go home.
That's the last place
I want to go.
My dog started to bark
at 12:00 last night
and didn't stop until
6:00 this morning.
What happened?
He was pointed toward
the ocean and growling.
What does that tell you?
My dog goes crazy and
decides to bark at the water.
I heard the church bells at midnight
as I started to drift off to sleep,
and suddenly, my car alarm went
off for absolutely no reason.
- Really?
- Uh-huh.
Woke up the whole block.
This town sits around for 100 years
and nothing happens, and then one
night, the whole place falls apart.
Al?
Take this line, too.
Al!
Tommy!
Dick!
Cabin and steering
house are empty.
Maybe somebody picked them up.
- There's water in the generator.
- But the deck is as dry as a bone.
There you have it.
My next project: Restoration
of the Morgantown Road Cemetery.
It's historical.
- Our ancestors are buried here.
- It's gonna cost a lot.
Come on, Sandy. So? This town
should be proud of its past.
But trying to get anyone involved in
community affairs is like pulling teeth.
Better get the estimates ready for
the council meeting next month.
Yes, ma'am.
Sandy, you're the only person
I know who can make
"yes, ma'am" sound like
"screw you."
Yes, ma'am.
Now, if we'll just say a little prayer
asking that he not be in his cups.
Not a good sign.
Father Malone?
Father Malone!
- Hello!
- Another bad sign.
You try the study,
and I'll look up front.
Father Malone!
- Jesus!
- I'm sorry, Mrs. Williams.
- Mrs. Williams...
- Are you all right?
I have something to show you.
"December 9.
"Met with Blake this evening
for the first time.
"He stood in the shadows
"to prevent me from getting
a clear look at his face.
"What a vile disease this is.
"He is a rich man
with a cursed condition,
"but this does not prevent him from
trying to better his situation
and that of his comrades
at the colony."
Every single gauge is broken.
- All the glass is shattered.
- Remind you of something?
- Last night.
- Your truck.
Yeah.
The thermometer's broken.
The Mercury's stuck at 20 degrees.
There's no water got in here,
but something awful cold did.
"December 11.
Blake's proposition is simple.
"He wants to move off
Tanzier Island
"and relocate the entire
colony just north of here.
"He has purchased a clipper ship
"called the Elizabeth Dane.
"With part of his fortune
"and asks only for
permission to settle here.
"I must balance my feelings
of mercy and compassion
"toward this poor man with
my revulsion at the thought
of a leper colony
only a mile distant."
It's rusted to the wall.
It was on.
- They drank a lot of beer last night.
- Every night.
What's it like?
It's always the same.
Room starts spinning...
I mean fishing.
You fish.
The only thing I know about
fishing is you use a lot of worms.
Hmm.
Salt water.
She was clean 2 nights ago.
I checked her out myself.
And now it's as if she's been
turned over in the water.
"April 20.
The six of us met tonight.
"From midnight until 1:00,
"we planned the death
of Blake and his comrades.
"I tell myself that Blake's gold
will allow the church to be built
"and our small settlement
to become a township,
"but it does not soothe
the horror that I feel
being an accomplice to murder."
Now what?
Wait for the coast guard.
- I'm sorry.
- What for?
Ever since you picked me up,
things have been going wrong.
The clock broke, the windows
have been breaking.
- The weirdo at the door last night.
- That isn't you.
I'm not so sure.
Things seem to happen to me.
I'm bad luck.
I don't believe in luck,
good or bad.
I don't believe in anything much.
Something did happen once.
My father was a fisherman.
He ran a trawler
out of Whitely Reef.
One night, late,
he was coming back in.
He was out beyond the reef,
out near Spivey Point.
He looked to windward
and saw a brig under shortsail
heading right for him.
And he radioed.
There was no reply.
Nothing moved on the deck,
but she held her course.
My dad and two of his hands,
they boarded the brig...
the Resa Jane.
No one was on board.
There was food on the table...
and a hot, steaming cup of coffee.
But underneath, a tin cup
was rusted to the table.
And then something caught
my father's eye.
It was a gold doubloon
minted in Spain, 1867.
My dad picked up the coin,
put it in his breast pocket
of his jacket, and zippered it up.
He came home,
told us the story.
And he unzippered the pocket
to give me the coin.
It was gone.
I think I'll go to
Vancouver now.
Aaah!
"April 21st.
The deed is done.
"Blake followed
our false fire on shore,
"and his ship broke apart
on the rocks off Spivey Point.
"We were aided by
an unearthly fog
"that rolled in
as if heaven sent,
"although God had no part
in our actions tonight.
"Blake's gold will be
recovered tomorrow,
but may the lord forgive us
for what we have done."
I couldn't read any further.
Your grandfather
had a way with words.
Our celebration tonight
is a travesty.
We're honoring murderers.
Side one,
K-A-B promos and lead-ins.
More music on top of
the world K-A-B 1340.
Thirty-three.
K-A-B 1340.
Fifty-seven.
From the top of the world,
fabulous 1340.
K-A-B, Antonio Bay.
Thirty-one.
From the top of the world,
fabulous 1340.
The smooth sound of K-A-B,
Antonio Bay, California.
Fifty-four.
K-A-B 1340.
Thirty-one.
The sounds of the
surf from Antonio Bay.
K-A-B 1340.
Thirty-nine.
Fabulous 1340
K-A-B, Antonio Bay.
More music on top
of the world, K-A-B 1340.
Est-111-B, cut two.
From the top of the world,
fabulous 1340 K-A-B,
Antonio Bay.
Father, where did you find this?
My grandfather hid
his sins in the walls.
- When did you find it?
- Last night...
Just after midnight.
What difference does it make?
That's the same time the
rest of the town fell apart.
Yes.
And the same time
the six conspirators met
one hundred years ago.
It's really getting late.
Uh, there's not much we can do
about any of this.
Are you going
to give the benediction
tonight, father?
Antonio Bay has a curse on it.
- Do we take that as a "no"?
- Maybe it's just as well.
We're leaving now, father.
Will you be all right?
I'm going to call Dr. Thayden
and ask him to just drop by.
I think you're taking all
of this much too seriously.
We're all cursed,
Mrs. Williams, all of us.
1340 K-A-B.
Forty-four.
The smooth sound.
Fabulous 1340 K-A-B.
Forty-five.
From the top of the world,
fabulous 1340 K-A-B,
Antonio Bay, California.
Forty-six.
The smooth sound...
Something that one lives with
like an albatross around the neck,
No. More like a millstone,
a plumbing stone, by God.
Damn them all!
Aah!
Nine.
Every hour on the hour,
K-A-B news and weather.
Ten.
Every hour on the hour,
K-A-B news and weather.
End side two, K-A-B promos.
How can a man drown and
not touch the water?
He had water in his lungs,
salt water around his mouth,
seaweed in his clothes.
Unless...
You OK?
Did you see his eyes?
Yeah, I saw his eyes.
Andy, the telephone.
I got it, Mrs. Kobritz.
Hello?
Andy, where did you get
that driftwood?
I told you, mom, it was on
the beach this morning.
- Where?
- By the rocks.
What was it doing?
First it was a gold coin
and then it turned into the wood.
Andy, I want you to
stay away from the rocks.
Do you understand?
Don't pick up anything
else off the beach.
It didn't belong to anybody.
I know, honey. It's all right.
I just don't want you
to pick up anything else
unless you come
and get me first. OK?
OK.
Is Mrs. Kobritz there?
She just came in.
OK. I have to start
the broadcast now.
Andy, promise me you won't
leave the house tonight.
Oh, mom.
Promise me.
Oh, OK.
I love you, Andy.
Me, too, mom. Bye.
Ahoy, maties.
This is Stevie Wayne,
your night light...
And K-A-B, Antonio Bay,
California,
is on the air.
I've lined up some tunes
to help you celebrate
the 100th birthday of Antonio Bay.
So let's get down to business.
What did your mother want, Andy?
Nothing.
Oh, it must have been something.
Mm, nothing.
Hey, Mrs. Kobritz,
what are those clouds out there?
Evidence of deep
penetrating wounds
in each ocular orbit entering
into the cranial cavity.
Also jagged lacerations
to the face...
Do you want to wait out front?
I'd rather wait with you.
OK.
Thorax has been crushed,
and the lungs are
filled with fluid.
Talk to you a minute?
Yeah.
- She gonna be all right?
- Yeah.
Did you talk to Simms?
I got him on the radio.
He's coming back from Bodega Bay.
What the hell happened out there?
There was rust all over everything.
It was like the boat
had been out there
a long time, taking on water.
He was down below near the bunks.
Nick, his wounds are
covered with algae,
his lungs are full, and there's
silt under his fingernails.
I tell you, I saw Dick Baxter
three days ago in Salinas.
Now he's lying in there
on the table
looking like he's been
underwater for a month.
- Do you feel that?
- I'll tell you what happens.
- It just got cold in here.
- You see, the water acts like ice.
A whole body would take
a year to decompose,
longer if it was down far enough,
cold enough.
But he was on the boat.
He was below decks.
No.
Dick Baxter died in the ocean.
You remember last October,
those three kids that went diving
- for that old boat off the point?
- Yeah.
We got to 'em, they'd
been down for a week,
maybe ten days.
I swear to you right now,
he's been down longer.
Aah! Nick!
And while the wrecking
of that beautiful ship
upon our coast was, of course,
a tragedy to those
who were on the ship,
it still was the catalyst
that brought together
all of the people of
this wonderful area.
They came together,
they formed the charter
for Antonio Bay,
the charter by which you have
voted for these councilmen
who sit on my left
and my right tonight.
Kathy, the Coast Guard's
looking for them.
Now, they're gonna cover
the area pretty good,
so, really,
all we can do is wait.
I understand, sheriff.
Thank you.
I got to go. I'm up next.
I'm so sorry, Mrs. Williams.
It's funny...
but all I can think about is
my silly dog barking
all night and,
and me just,
just wishing Al would come home.
Now, we can't have the...
chairlady of the birthday
celebration in tears, can we?
I don't think you ought
to go out there.
Oh, I think that's exactly
what I ought to do.
I appreciate all your help, Nick.
That's all right.
I searched a long
time for this one.
I hope you remember it.
Happy 100th, Antonio Bay.
The ceremonies are underway
at Shelby Square.
And we'll have that
candlelight procession
in about an hour.
So if you hurry,
you can still make it.
The coast guard dropped me a note
saying they found the Sea Grass
earlier this afternoon,
but there's no further word
as to the condition of the ship
or the men on-board.
I'll keep you posted
as the news comes in to me.
Hope no one else gets lost
out there in the fog.
I'll be right back.
K-A-B.
Hello.
My name's Nick Castle.
You don't know me,
but I'm one of the men
who found the Sea Grass
this afternoon.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I really don't have
any further word.
I understand.
That's not what I called about.
It's... uh, you just mentioned
something now on the
radio about the fog.
Well, this is going to
sound a little strange.
I saw the fog last night out
in the ocean in the distance.
It was... glowing.
Well, what seemed to
be happening is
that the wind was moving due east,
and the fog just kept moving west.
I know that sounds
completely crazy.
Right now it doesn't.
Something happened last night.
At the same time that
fog was moving in,
this whole town went unglued.
Hold on.
I've got some more
birthday music for you
and a few other surprises.
Then I'll be ready to check in
with the weatherman.
And the weatherman will be
ready to check in with you.
- Hello?
- Yeah, I'm still here.
There's one other thing.
It may have nothing to
do with the Sea Grass.
Oh, anything.
My son found a piece of
driftwood this morning.
Hey, hey, Mel.
How you doing?
Your girlfriend on the radio
has been talking about you.
I came in tonight
just to keep her happy.
Yeah.
I thought you were off tonight.
I love my job.
Yeah, well...
You can tell them all
about that big fog bank
moving in the southeast there.
Where?
Oh, you'll see it. I'm on my way.
See you tomorrow.
Yeah, Mel.
I'll see you.
Ah.
There you are.
I've got to make a run
out to the lighthouse
at Spivey Point.
Want to come?
- Sure.
- Come on.
K-A-B.
Hi, sweetheart!
I thought you were celebrating.
I couldn't spend
an evening without you.
Well, I'm up in about 30
seconds. What's new?
Another fog bank.
Where?
It's coming in off the
ocean from the southeast.
It's heading inland.
It should be here
at the weather station
in 5-10 minutes.
Dan, hold on.
I have a special weather bulletin.
The Tri-County Weather Station
reports a fog bank
moving southeast along the coast.
For whoever's interested,
that's the weather station
on Old Russellville Road.
Repeating,
a fog bank is moving
southwest along the coast
toward the weather station
on Old Russellville Road.
Dan, are you still there?
I'm still here.
Heh heh heh.
Hey, you, uh,
sound different tonight,
uh, kind of intense.
I just feel like talking,
that's all.
Wait a minute.
I thought you told me
you didn't like to
talk on the telephone
because you talked
on the radio all day.
Dan, where's the fog now?
Well, it should be right
outside my door now.
Hold on.
I'm going to try something.
I can see it.
Hey, now, what is the big deal?
You've seen fog once,
you seen it for life.
No. There's something
different about this fog, Dan.
It glows.
Can't you see anything yet?
Glows?
Oh, I get it.
You take something to
keep you going, right?
Does it make you feel
a little weird sometimes?
- Hey.
- What?
The lights went out.
Everything's going crazy.
Barometer's falling,
temperature's dropping.
- Dan, what is it?
- What the hell's that?
Dan, what is it?
What's happening?
What is it?
Someone's shining a light
through the window.
Dan, listen to me.
Hold on, sweetheart.
I wanna check this out.
Dan!
Dan, stay on the phone!
This has got to be a joke.
Someone's at the front door,
sweetheart, playing a stupid joke.
And whoever it is... they ain't
gonna like finding me home.
Dan, stay away from the door!
Dan!
Hello?
Anybody here?
Some asshole got drunk
and started taking
this 100-year-old
business too seriously.
Dan!
Aaaah!
Dan.
And so all of us living
here in Antonio Bay today
owe a great debt of gratitude
to those men and women
a hundred years ago
who struggled and sacrificed
to make this town grow
into what it is today.
And it's up to us to keep
their kind of spirit alive.
I have an urgent bulletin.
Will sheriff David Simms please
contact K-A-B radio immediately?
The number is 555-2131.
This is an emergency.
So we must redouble our efforts,
work together.
We have a vital,
thriving community.
And I say we have to
keep it that way.
This is an emergency.
Sheriff David Simms, please
contact K-A-B immediately.
555-2131.
This is an emergency.
- Hello?
Hello?
Sheriff Simms?
And so, as we make our way to
the presentation of the statue,
I think we should all keep in mind
the significance of this night
for every citizen of Antonio Bay.
We should all proceed
over to the statue.
Single file. Don't push.
Take your time.
Andy!
Start!
Please start!
Why did all the lights go out?
Oh, one of the lines
are probably down, Andy.
They usually take care
of these things right away.
I think it's kind of neat.
Hello?
What's that now?
Start!
Andy!
Andy, get out of the house!
Mrs. Kobritz,
get him out of the house.
Please! Run!
I think maybe we better
close all the windows, Andy.
Are your bedroom windows closed?
I'll go see.
Hello?
Someone listen to me!
My son is trapped!
887 White Beach Lane!
My son is trapped by the fog!
Andy, get out of the house!
Run!
Wow!
Look at that!
- Are your windows all closed?
- Yes, ma'am.
I wonder about
your mother's bedroom.
Please, someone!
My son is trapped!
Andy, run! Run!
Mrs. Kobritz, run!
Andy, I want you
to go to your room.
I think I should stay.
Right now. Right now.
- Yes.
- Right now.
Go to your room.
I want to see who it is.
No.
Can't I stay for 2 more seconds?
OK, OK, I'm going.
Mrs. Kobritz?
Please.
My son is trapped!
887 White Beach Lane.
Someone get to 887
White Beach Lane.
Mrs. Kobritz?
My son is trapped!
Get him out of the fog!
Please, someone.
My son is trapped!
877 White Beach Lane.
Come on!
Get out of there, now!
Andy, run! Run!
Come on!
Come on.
Go! Go!
Come on!
Ease it, don't pop it.
Try to ease it out.
Oh, Jesus.
Come on, Beth!
Come on.
Come on. Come on.
It'll go. It'll go. It'll go.
Nick!
Reverse! Reverse!
Come on!
Come on, do it!
Do it!
...wait for the last 20 minutes.
I think it's best we
call it a night here.
Another 5 or 10 minutes, everyone
will have seen the statue.
All right, but let's get 'em
through as quickly as we can.
It'd probably be a good idea
if you went home, Kathy.
We can close up here.
I should see it
through to the end.
Mrs. Williams, there's
nothing more to do here.
Let me take you home.
A little annoying,
but you're right.
Would you please take me?
Yes, ma'am.
- I'll call you tomorrow, Kathy.
- OK, thank you.
Andy, I don't even know
if you can hear me.
I'm sorry that I didn't come
for you, that I wasn't there.
Andy, please understand.
I have to stay here.
The fog...
is moving inland
away from the beach
towards Antonio Bay.
It's over by the armory.
I can't remember
the name of the...
No, no...
I think it's Chestnut.
Feel like listening
to some music?
Sure.
It's moving faster now.
Up Regent Avenue.
Up to the end of Smallhouse Road.
What's that?
It's just hitting
the outskirts of town.
Broad street.
Clay Street.
Nick!
It's moving down 10th street.
Get inside and lock your doors.
Close your windows.
There's something in the fog.
If you're on the South
side of town, go north.
Stay away from the fog.
Richardsville pike up to Beacon
Hill is the only clear road.
Up to the church.
If you can get out of town,
get to the old church.
Now the junction
at 101 is cut off.
If you can get out of town,
get to the old church.
It's the only place left to go.
Get to the old church
on Beacon Hill.
It cut us off!
- Where is it?
- Right behind us in the driveway.
Quick, inside.
Come on.
Hurry.
Father?
Is there a basement
or cellar in here?
- We can't hide any longer.
- We have to try!
No matter where we go,
it will find us.
Is there a basement
or cellar here, Father?
There's a study in back.
I'll show you the way.
Come on.
Hurry.
Give me that.
The fog is sweeping inland.
It's almost like a wall
across the east end of town.
Blake and his men
have come for us.
- Who's Blake?
- Oh, it's in the journal.
- What journal?
- I don't know.
- Father, where's the journal?
- What are you talking about?
- What?
- Where's the journal?
It's... It's in there.
Over by the window?
- It can do us no good now.
- It's all we've got.
If anything happens,
just lock the door.
Get back.
Shut the door.
- "Six must die." That was on the...
- The three men on the Sea Grass.
- And the weatherman is four.
- Mrs. Kobritz.
- Yeah, five.
- And one of us makes six.
That's what they want.
They've come back
for the six original conspirators.
There must be something in here!
- It's me they want. I am the!
- Why would they want you?
Wait, father.
You didn't read us this.
Look. "Were it possible
to raise the dead,
"I would return Blake's
fortune to him intact,
"save the money spent on
these walls that hide it."
"My fellow conspirators believe
"that the confiscated fortune
has been stolen from them,
"when in fact, I am the thief,
and God's temple is
the tomb of gold."
"I am the thief, and God's
temple is the tomb..."
Now, wait. Get...
get rid of that.
Nick!
Get out of the way!
- Give me a hand.
- Andy, stay right there.
Nick.
The gold.
He melted down the gold into this.
Aah!
Somebody help her!
Nick, no!
Don't go in there!
Blake, I have your gold.
Blake?
This is your gold, Blake.
My grandfather stole
it from you.
I'm the one who must
answer for it.
I'm the sixth conspirator.
I'm father Malone.
Take me.
Father Malone!
Look.
It's going away.
I don't know what happened
to Antonio Bay tonight.
Something came out of the fog
and tried to destroy us.
In one moment, it vanished.
But if this has been
anything but a nightmare
and if we don't wake up to find
ourselves safe in our beds,
it could come again.
To the ships at sea
who can hear my voice,
look across the water
into the darkness.
Look for the fog.
Why not six, Blake?
Why not me?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org